# Notes:

## Setups in FLASH :
(Taken from the doc file that was prepared)

### Test_burn(aprox19): 
./setup test_burn -objdir=object_testburn_aprox19 -3d +cube8 -auto -maxblocks=30 -unit=physics/sourceTerms/Burn/BurnMain/nuclearBurn/Aprox19 

### Aprox13 
./setup test_burn -objdir=object_testburn_aprox13 -3d +cube8 -auto -maxblocks=30 -unit=physics/sourceTerms/Burn/BurnMain/nuclearBurn/Aprox13 

### Xnet: 
./setup test_burn -objdir=object_testburn_xnet_SN231_GPU -3d +cube8 -auto -maxblocks=30 xnet=True xnetGPU=True xnetData=Data_SN231

 

### Changes in the Makefile: 

### TODO: commit the site folder in the 

+CUDA_PATH = /usr/local/cuda 

+LAPACK_PATH = /home/vtiwari/local_sw/lapack-3.8.0 

+FFLAGS_CUDA  = -I${CUDA_PATH}/include 

+FFLAGS_LAPACK = -I{LAPACK_PATH}/LAPACKE/include 

+CFLAGS_OPT   = -c -mcmodel=medium -O3 -g -D_LARGEFILE64_SOURCE -D_FORTIFY_SOURCE=2 

+CFLAGS_CUDA  = -I${CUDA_PATH}/include 

+CFLAGS_LAPACK = -I{LAPACK_PATH}/LAPACKE/include 

+LFLAGS_OPT   = -mcmodel=medium -fpic -O3 –o 

+LIB_CUDA  = -L${CUDA_PATH}/lib64 -lcublas -lcudart -lcuda 

+LIB_LAPACK = -L${LAPACK_PATH} -ltmglib -llapack -lrefblas –lcblas 

### Issues: 

/autofs/nas1/home/vtiwari/flash4_fishergroup/object_testburn_xnet/Burn.F90:192:(.text+0x6c0): relocation truncated to fit: R_X86_64_PC32 against symbol 'xnet_controls_mp_nzbatchmx_' defined in COMMON section in xnet_controls.o 

### Resolved: 

+FFLAGS_OPT   = -c -mcmodel=medium -g -r8 -i4 -O3 -real_size 64 -diag-disable 10120 

### Issues: 

When not using xnetGPU flag. (xnetGPU is set to false). 

flash4: error while loading shared libraries: libcublas.so.10.0: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory 

(Not able to find cuda?). 

 
### Issues when using xnet nuclear reaction network: 
Primary job  terminated normally, but 1 process returned 

a non-zero exit code. Per user-direction, the job has been aborted. 

------------------------------------------------------- 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

mpiexec noticed that process rank 9 with PID 0 on node node50 exited on signal 9 (Killed). 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

forrtl: error (78): process killed (SIGTERM) 

Image              PC                Routine            Line        Source     

libifcoremt.so.5   00007F2D2BA36345  for__signal_handl     Unknown  Unknown 

libpthread-2.17.s  00007F2D2931A6D0  Unknown               Unknown  Unknown 

libintlc.so.5      00007F2D2956EE82  intel_avx_rep_m     Unknown  Unknown 

flash4             00000000004CCDB9  Unknown               Unknown  Unknown 

flash4             000000000044DF59  Unknown               Unknown  Unknown 

flash4             000000000042B2C2  Unknown               Unknown  Unknown 

flash4             000000000041039D  Unknown               Unknown  Unknown 

flash4             00000000004178A3  Unknown               Unknown  Unknown 

flash4             0000000000405642  Unknown               Unknown  Unknown 

libc-2.17.so       00007F2D28F60445  __libc_start_main     Unknown  Unknown 

flash4             0000000000405509  Unknown               Unknown  Unknown 
 
 
### Issues on running on multiple GPUs: 

Segmentation fault, all the processes try to fit on a single GPU. 

### Running Standalone xnet code:
Code: https://wikihost.nscl.msu.edu/talent/doku.php?id=rxnnetcode


#### Installation:
- Unzip the directory.
- Follow instructions on the path: $XNET/doc/Compiling.txt
- cd $XNET/source
- cp Makefile_local_ifort Makefile_local (carnie has ifort)
- make
- This will create the executable xnet in the source directory.

#### Running:
- $XNET/
- Current Directory should contain the "control" file. Should be named as "control"
- The control file points to the nuclear data directory.
   - eg: $XNET/test/Data_alpha
- The control files points to the Initial Abundance and Thermodynamic Trajectory Files
  - eg: $XNET/test/Data_alpha/ab_he (Specifies the initial abund)(Ye)
     and
        $XNET/th_constant (the temperature and density)
  - Other parameter for the numerical algorithm
  - List of nuclides to output.
- Run the executable in the source dorectory, where the control file is.

#### Results:
- Results will be in the file "ev".
- The log file is the file "tso".

#### Generating REACLIB for xnet:
- use the code: https://wikihost.nscl.msu.edu/talent/doku.php?id=rxnnetcode
- Files Inside the nuclear data directory
   - sunet: this file contains the list of nuclides.(Get the list of nuclides)
   - netwinv: This is generated by the above code.
   - netsu: This contains the information of different reaction rates.(Generated from the script)
- After extracting code; gunzip reducereaclib; cd reducereaclib/
- Add the list of nuclides in the INPUT directory. Name is as sunet.
- Complie the code: ifort reducereaclib.f, and execute: ./a.out
- netwinv and netsu are generated.

#### Analysizing the binary Time-series files(using matlab):
- tools/matlab/read_ts_file.m : Parse the extract and parse the file.
- tools/matlab/plot_time_mf.m : Get Z,A, mass fraction.
- Need to write scripts that will map the Z,A to a particular nuclide, and output the mass fraction in the file format used for testing.


   

